Title - Day 1 - Arrival 
	Day # 1
		Description - Scheduled flight to Hanoi.
Title - Day 2 - Hanoi 
	Day # 2
		Description - Arrival in Hanoi and welcome by your guide. At the start of your small group trip, you will join a traditional breakfast, the so-called "Pho". Have you heard of the typical Vietnamese noodle soup? The Vietnamese eat them mostly for breakfast, but also as lunch or dinner, as a snack between or late at night. The national dish prepared from rice noodles, chicken or beef, onions and fresh herbs is offered almost every street corner. Then take a first tour with your small tour group. You can see the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (only to be seen from the outside), reminiscent of the President who died in 1969, and the one-pillar pagoda. The rest of the day is at leisure. You can explore the metropolis on your own or relax in the hotel. 
Title - Day 3 - Hanoi 
	Day # 3
		Description - Today there are other sightseeing tours in Hanoi. The Vietnamese capital is characterized by its own unique ambience. The charming old town is crossed by narrow streets, while the broad streets of the French colonial era, lined with trees and villas, create a cityscape. In the morning, visit the Ethnological Museum, which brings you closer to the amazing diversity of Vietnam's various peoples and the thousand-year-old literature. Founded in 1070, this temple was the first university in Vietnam. Did you know that it was built in honor of the Chinese philosopher Confucius? For lunch, you can join a family where the owner prepares a regional dish for you. Afterwards we continue on foot to the Jade Mountain Temple at HoanKiem Lake. The temple offers a particularly beautiful sight when the light of the sun is magically reflected in the water of the lake. According to legend, a sacred turtle was once said to have given a king a spell, which successfully condemned the struggle against the Chinese occupiers. After the victory the turtle demanded the king's sword. The lake thus came to his name "Ho HoanKiem", which means "lake of the returned sword". From the lake you continue to the old town of the "36 streets and shops". Each alley stands for a different craftsmanship and from architects to onion sellers, almost every professional group is remembered. Spend the day relaxing with a drink on Ta-Hien Road. The street is famous for its beer culture. Swap your friends together and watch the bustling activity in the streets of the Vietnamese capital. 
Title - Day 4 - Hanoi - Halong (about 180 km) 
	Day # 4
		Description - Past extensive rice fields, which are located on the Red River Delta, continue to Halong. After arriving in Halong, the embarkation will take place on a junk. Afterwards, you will experience the unique landscape with its 2,000 islands, which have been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1994. You will spend the evening in the circle of your small group on board a cozy junk. Enjoy the mild night air and the incomparable evening mood in the bay. The gentle rocking of the ship weighs you to sleep today. 
Title - Day 5 - Halong - Hanoi (about 180 km) 
	Day # 5
		Description - Early-risers have the opportunity to harmonize body and soul during a Tai Chi lesson. Carefully take the slow movements and feel the relaxation spread throughout your body. An ideal start to the day! Do you have the sense of a cool refreshment in the morning? Then enjoy a dip in the crystal clear waters of the bay. After breakfast, the journey continues on the jungle past high limestone cliffs. Back in the port of Halong the disembarkation and the return to Hanoi. 
Title - Day 6 - Hanoi - Dong Hoi 
	Day # 6
		Description - In the morning transfer to the airport and flight to Dong Hoi, the capital of the central Vietnamese province QhangBinh. The city is located at the narrowest point of the whole country, from the sea to the western border it is only about 40 km. After arriving, continue to PhongNha, where you will visit the National Park of the same name (Phong Na Ke Bang). Since 2003, the nature conservation area has been a UNESCO World Heritage site and is a popular place for caving research. Extensive cave systems with hundreds of individual grottoes, long underground rivers and breathtaking waterfalls make the National Park particularly attractive. However, the park is not only known for its bizarre limestone cliffs and caves but also for its great variety of animals and plants. You will visit the largest cave of the reserve, the spectacular Thien-Duong cave. The paradise was discovered only in 2005 and opened to the public in 2011. Climb the wooden staircase to the cave entrance and enter a legendary world of bizarre rock formations, green vegetation, magical light conditions and tropical climate. Then we return to Dong Hoi. 
Title - 7th day - Dong Hoi - Hue (about 170 km) 
	Day # 7
		Description - In the morning, leave the province of QhangBinh and drive to Hue. Hue was the capital for more than 140 years. Ancient temples, imperial buildings and French colonial buildings still testify to this period. You will visit the imperial citadel and the Forbidden City of Vietnam, before getting to know Hue also culinary. By bicycle you will pass the Trang-Tien Bridge to the Dong-Ba Market. Here you can get all the ingredients for preparing local dishes. The range of products ranges from fresh fruit and vegetable varieties to country-specific herbs to various types of meat. Take a look at the locals as they work and haggle, an art which the Asians have a good command of. Then we continue to the Königspalast. Stops at the most popular streetfood restaurants may not be missing. For example, with "Bun Bo Hue", the traditional beef noodle soup or "Banh Beo", rice slices garnished with shrimp and steamed rice? The sweet hunger is best served with a sweet soup called "Che", or with traditional Vietnamese coffee with sweet condensed milk. 
Title - 8th day - Hue - Danang - Hoi An (about 150 km) 
	Day # 8
		Description - Before continuing to Danang, visit the mausoleum of the Emperor Minh Mang and the Thien Mu Pagoda, a Buddhist monastery on the north bank of the Perfume River. With its seven floors, it is at the top of the highest pagodas of Vietnam. You can also visit a traditional garden house. Do you feel a very special atmosphere here? This is due to the fact that the garden has been built according to exact geometrical specifications and is subject to the principle of geomancy. Here, a specific habitat is designed according to the human needs, taking into account local force. Afterwards you drive over the scenic cloud pass to Danang and continue to Hoi An. The pass is the natural boundary between the north and the south. The rest of the day is at leisure. 
Title - Day 9 - Hoi An 
	Day # 9
		Description - In the morning, take a cycle tour along the Thu-Bon River to Cam Tanh (about 1 hour). Crossing the rich rice fields, passing buffaloes and temples, and watching the daily life of the local population. In the end it goes through narrow and shady streets to the house of a fisherman. Afterwards change the means of transport and change into a boat. During the boat trip on the river, you can admire beautiful views of the Cua Dai estuary, where the Thu Bon River flows into the East Sea. Afterwards you drive with a basket of bamboo into the mangrove forest (duration approx. 45 minutes). Do you dare to maneuver the basket boat on your own? It is not so easy to keep the balance, but the experiment certainly brings a lot of fun! There are also numerous crab fishermen in the area, which you can observe during your daily work. Finally, you will be taken to a fisherman's house, where you will be shown how house roofs are made of nipapalm leaves and chairs or tables made of bamboo. At the same time a barbecue near the river bank is prepared for you. After lunch in a small circle, we return to the city. In the afternoon, you will get to know the Hoi An at a city visit. The city has a picturesque location right on the Thu Bon River. From the 17th to the 19th century it was considered one of the leading port cities of Southeast Asia among the western merchants. In the meantime, Hoi An has made a name for itself as a well-known tailor-made city and is one of the world cultural heritage sites of UNESCO. You can see, among other things, the covered Japanese bridge, the Chinese temple and the commercial house Phung Hung. In the Kunsthaus "Reaching Out" your tour ends with a delicious cup of tea. The company sells quality souvenirs made by handicapped people. The company was founded in 2000 by Le Nguyen Binh, who lives with a disability. Employees of the social institution enjoy the special privilege of additional training and further support such as food subsidies. 
Title - 10th day - Hoi An - Danang - Ho Chi Minh City - Cu Chi - Ho Chi Minh City 
	Day # 10
		Description - Transfer to Danang airport and flight to Ho Chi Minh City. Upon arrival, drive to Cu Chi and visit the famous tunnel system, which served the Vietcong as an underground operations area during the Indo-China wars. It stretches in the underground for a length of 200 km and houses hospitals, command rooms, shelters and weapons factories. Cleverly, the Vietcongs mastered their lives in the tunnel system, which was never discovered by the Americans. 
Title - Day 11 - Ho Chi Minh City 
	Day # 11
		Description - In the morning, take a tour of the historical center of the former Saigon. From the main shopping street Dong Koi, walk past the town hall and the old opera house (both only to be seen from the outside) to the neo-romantic Notre-Dame Cathedral. It is also the main post office. Did you know it was designed by Gustave Eiffel, the architect of the Paris Eiffel Tower? Then visit the Reunification Palace and the Emperor of Jade Pagoda. Afterwards, the lively Chinese district of Cholon awaits you. Discover some of the highlights of the lively quarter with a wholesale market. Continue to the Thien-Hau Pagoda, built by the Cantonese community and consecrated to the heavenly goddess. Finally, you will visit the Ben Thanh market, whose variety of products and products are certainly the right choice for you. In the late afternoon, you can enjoy an exclusive, traditional music performance. The passionate artists Dinh Linh and Tuyet Mai are looking forward to welcome you at home. Follow carefully the private concert and let yourself be explained in a traditional way. You also have the opportunity to taste yourself at the Stein-Xylophon, the bamboo flute or a Vietnamese zither. 
Title - Day 12 - Ho Chi Minh City - Ben Tre (about 80 km) 
	Day # 12
		Description - The day begins with the visit of the brick factory Phong Nam, where the bricks are still produced in careful craftsmanship. There you will board a ship and drive along the river Chet Say, a side arm of the Mekong River. On the banks of the river a workshop rides to the next. Among other things, you will see how charcoal is produced by strongly heating coconut shells and participate in a workshop on the product of the coconut. Learn how the different parts of the nut are processed to foods or other products and even cost you a fresh coconut. Then continue along a narrow canal, where you will get an insight into the local life on the banks. You stop at a small village, which you can walk on, and see a carpet weaving, where straw mats are made with a hand-operated loom. You would like to try the weaving yourself? Then you dare to try. By bike (or the XeLoi, a motorized rickshaw), we continue past farms and colorful rice and vegetable fields. For lunch, you will enter a local house. You will be served country-style delicacies such as elephant ear fish or Flussshrimps and enjoy a cool drink. On board a Sampan boat, take a relaxing ride along the narrow canals before returning to the pier and your hotel. 
Title - Day 13 - Ben Tre - Ho Chi Minh City - Siem Reap 
	Day # 13
		Description - In the morning, visit a local market in Ben Tre province before returning to Ho Chi Minh City. The southern metropolis has developed alongside Hanoi as one of the largest cities in the country. Transfer to the airport and flight to Siem Reap in Cambodia. 
Title - Day 14 - Siem Reap - Angkor - Siem Reap (about 40 km) 
	Day # 14
		Description - A visit to the world famous temple complex of Angkor is a special highlight of your trip. In the morning, explore the majestic temple of Angkor Wat, built in the first half of the 12th century and consecrated to the Hindu god Vishnu. Angkor Wat is the largest and undoubtedly also the most important monument of the temple group of Angkor. The temple of BanteaySrei, also known as the citadel of women, is particularly beautiful. It is dedicated to the god Shiva and represents, with its filigree architecture and the sculptures made of pink sandstone, a principal work of Khmer art. In the end, the Ta Prohm temple, which is also surrounded by virgin forest, also dates back to the 12th century. In the afternoon you can spend relaxing hours on the Angkor Gondola boat, a gondola-like boat in traditional Khmer style. From the boat you will discover unique natural beauty and hidden cultural treasures. With a bit of luck, you can enjoy a spirited sunset. 
Title - Day 15 - Siem Reap - Angkor - Siem Reap (about 20 km) 
	Day # 15
		Description - Today there are other sightseeing tours in Angkor. We will go to the northern part, where you will start your day with the visit of the Preah Khan Temple. It was built in 1191 by King Jayavaraman II in honor of his father, who is depicted as the Buddhist god Mayahan. From the same era comes NeakPean, the only island temple of Angkor. The temple is decorated with two serpents snared together - do you recognize the animals? The Anavatapta, the mystical lake in the Himalayan, is highly symbolic in India because of its healing waters. The main basin is associated with four smaller ones, decorated with water spouts in the form of a lion, a horse, an elephant and a man. Further south are two temples built by King Suryavarman II, Thommanon and Chau Say Tevoda. Both honor Shiva and Vishnu and are characterized by particularly imposing statues. In the afternoon, visit the ancient royal city of Angkor Thom. From the South Gate, you will approach the city center with the Bayon Temple. It is considered one of the most enigmatic temples of Angkor and consists of no less than 54 divine towers, decorated with 216 smiling faces. There is also the Elephant Terrace, which once served as a ceremonial yard and a giant vantage point for royal audiences and ceremonies, as well as the terrace of the Lepiraeig. On the top of the 7 m high platform is a naked, sexless statue. 
Title - Day 16 - Siem Reap - KompongKhleang - Siem Reap - Departure 
	Day # 16
		Description - Early in the morning you will leave for Tonle-Sap Lake where you will visit a floating village. The village of KompongKhleang is still a place where tourists are rarely visited, where people traditionally live in high stilts. Then take a boat to a remote village where Vietnamese settlers settled. Back in KompongKhleang you can enjoy a cozy picnic together with your small group. Return to Siem Reap in the afternoon. Later the transfer to the airport and the return flight with stopover to Germany.
